Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is current as of April 8, 2020 "Momin Pro" respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the privacy of the users of the mobile application, Momin Pro (App) in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 and as described in this Privacy Policy (Policy). By using the App, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Policy.

What Momin Pro Collects?

The data Momin Pro collects from you and your use of the App may or may not be personal data as defined under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012. In particular, Momin Pro collects the following data from you and your use of the App:

Information relating to your device and the App settings

We also receive, store and process information, including 'personal data', when you access or use the App.

Retention of Information

Your Personal Data will be retained for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it is collected or for business or legal purposes, or in accordance with applicable laws.

Security

Momin Pro makes reasonable security arrangements designed to protect, prevent loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data. However, you understand that the transmission of information via the Internet and the storing of electronic information is not completely secure. Although Momin Pro will do its best to protect your personal data, Momin Pro cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the App or stored by us.

Withdrawal of Consent

If you withdraw your consent to any or all use of your personal data, depending on the nature of your request, Momin Pro may not be able to provide or continue providing you with access and use to the App and Service or parts thereof, or administer any contractual relationship already in place.
You understand and agree that in such instances where Momin Pro requires your personal data to fulfill a contractual obligation to you and you withdraw your consent to collect, use or disclose the relevant personal data for those purposes, Momin Pro cannot be held liable for breach of that agreement. Momin Pro's legal rights and remedies in such event are expressly reserved.

Your Privacy when accessing Third Party content and resources

Some parts of the App and Service implement Google API(s). Your use of such parts of the App and/or service which implements Google's Terms of Service and Google Privacy Policy, as may be updated from time to time.

Amendments to this Policy

Momin Pro may make such amendments to this Policy as Momin pro may in its discretion deem fit from time to time. Momin Pro will notify you of such amendments by posting the amendments on the App or such other method of notification as may be designated by Momin Pro, which you agree shall be sufficient notice for the purpose of this clause.

If you do not agree to be bound by the amendments, you shall immediately cease all access and/or use of the App and Service. You further agree that if you continue to use and/or access the App and/or service after being notified of such amendments to this Policy, such use and/or access shall constitute an affirmative: (i) acknowledgement by you of this Policy and its amendments; and (ii) agreement by you to give the consents set out in this Policy.


